Update install-azure.md (#1448)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-azure.md

    - `Application Administrator`. See [Understand roles in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/roles/concept-understand-roles).
    - `Owner` with permission to create and manage subscription resources of all types. See [Azure built-in roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles).

>   This user is required for data plane activation and can be removed (or have these roles unassigned) once the cluster is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An Azure AD user is required for data plane activation. You can remove the user or modify their role assignments after the cluster is created.
```
